I've just finished playing resident evil
4 again on the PlayStation 2 after I
found it down the back of the sofa and
forgot just how excellent the game was
coming in at around 14 hours on its
first playthrough the controls may have
been a bit sticky but this did add to
the sense of panic when a shambling
local tried to stab me in the balls with
a pitchfork Resident Evil 6 is now with
us an it takes what was hinted at with
number 5 and runs with it being a
full-blown co-op shooter with your now
standard third-person control mechanic
and cover system with not one but four
campaigns to play through your players
Leon Chris Jake and Ada Wong along with
their cohorts as you experience their
side of the same events that event is
the C virus outbreak and all the gooey
goings-on associated with it there's
certainly a lot of action in here and
it's definitely the biggest game coming
in it between 30 and 40 hours the
problem is that it loses its identity as
a resident evil game in most places and
starts off with the bar raised so high
there's little place for it to go in
terms of action Leon's campaign is the
most traditional as you start off in an
eerie abandoned mansion for most of the
time you feel like you're just watching
an interactive cutscene as you walk a
few yards do a quick time event and
repeat controls are supposed to offer
you more freedom but even these can be
tricky to handle as you have to press
multiple buttons to take cover or roll
out of the way or process herbs into
pills to put into your case before you
can eventually take one to heal yourself
thankfully your AI partner doesn't need
to be micro managed so much this time
and can actually be rather helpful when
it comes to helping you up or taking
enemies out around you Chris's campaign
on the other hand is just a mess it
feels like a substandard squad-based
shooter and although the graphics and
voice acting you have a good standard
throughout all campaigns I fail to care
about any of the characters there's just
not the same sense of fear when you feel
part of a bigger war and not something
you've just stumbled across and need to
get away from Jake story is probably the
most interesting in terms of characters
as he appears to be immune to the C
virus but his campaign suffers from even
lengthier quick time events and larger
set pieces where again you
like you're never the one really in
control resident evil 6 may have a good
cast of characters from previous games
and offered a lot of bang for your buck
but do be warmed it doesn't feel very
resident evil e if there is in fact such
a word if you really want some new
resident evil action then I highly
recommend revelations on the 3ds or
indeed the HD version of Resident Evil 4
honestly go back and play it it's a
blast I'm very disappointed with
resident evil 6 it will keep you average
Liam used for a fair while but just
doesn't cut it for me to get 6 out of 10
you've been watching your review from
gamesweasel if you want to get the show
each week which includes video game
reviews news previews competitions and
special features then head over to
gamesweasel calm for our video podcast
gamesweasel TV gamesweasel